hey guys this minion and the hair looks
really crappy today yeah today I'm gonna
need you guys watching some treatments
store and I just started why not make an
invention with them well I did well I
have a broken face of all that to merely
rubber or just stupid I took to lift
parts took this part off they just like
a baseball bat rubbery and I've got this
look like a little stand thing or change
I don't know what go so i just got for
my friend or stole it I don't know but
yeah so I just put it in the back here
it looks like like a little battery or
something and I found this with a
Bionicle good thing it should like go
fish oh yeah both they never shoot I
don't know how to do it so yeah and I
just I just do it and I just fit it
through they know we have a complete oh
just like Jorgen what's that really a
dork I just call it well I'm fair on
name yet I would just call it that thick
does just like just can't shoot it this
isn't easy way to make smooth so yeah
does it I'll just only mean with friends
like what like a few students if you
should get hit you're sick you're down
the way you talk so much like medicine
around we like these flows like medicine
chance good thing
listen yeah lately I've been busy sorry
um I didn't come up with the core movie
yet i'm still working on it like i said
i only have a webcam i don't have a
video camera no i don't know i just i
just have a video game myself guys leave
me a comment on the bottom yeah i'll get
off here pricey me when I finish the
killer movies eat see ya see I y'all